README.md, before:

go-mediawiki [![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/sadbox/mediawiki/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/sadbox/mediawiki/latest) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/sadbox/mediawiki?status.png)](http://godoc.org/github.com/sadbox/mediawiki) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/sadbox/mediawiki/badge.png?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/sadbox/mediawiki?branch=master)
========
A MediaWiki API wrapper for [Go](http://golang.org/)

Documentation
-------------
Documentation specific to this implementaiton is [located on GoDoc](http://godoc.org/github.com/sadbox/mediawiki)

Documentation specific to the Mediawiki API in general is located [at their own wiki](http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Main_page)

Examples are located in the [examples subdirectory.](/examples)


TODO
----
- ☑ Login/Logout
- ☑ Edit Pages
- ☑ Read Pages
- ☑ Upload
- ☑ Download
- ☑ Generic API Interface
- ☑ Unit tests

License
-------
This software is licensed under the MIT license. Pull requests and issues are welcome.

Commit message:

updated readme with dev branch info

README.md, after:

go-mediawiki [![Build Status](https://drone.io/github.com/sadbox/mediawiki/status.png)](https://drone.io/github.com/sadbox/mediawiki/latest) [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/sadbox/mediawiki?status.png)](http://godoc.org/github.com/sadbox/mediawiki) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/sadbox/mediawiki/badge.png?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/sadbox/mediawiki?branch=master)
========
A MediaWiki API wrapper for [Go](http://golang.org/)

Compatibility
-------------
Please check the dev branch for a much saner way of getting back results from mediawiki. At some point in the future it will be the only way, but I'd like to avoid breaking things for now. Most likely any dev work will continue there (excluding bug fixes).

Documentation
-------------
Documentation specific to this implementation is [located on GoDoc](http://godoc.org/github.com/sadbox/mediawiki)

Documentation specific to the Mediawiki API in general is located [at their own wiki](http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Main_page)

Examples are located in the [examples subdirectory.](/examples)


TODO
----
- ☑ Login/Logout
- ☑ Edit Pages
- ☑ Read Pages
- ☑ Upload
- ☑ Download
- ☑ Generic API Interface
- ☑ Unit tests

License
-------
This software is licensed under the MIT license. Pull requests and issues are welcome.
